# Interactive-Infographic

## Who The Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) is a central agency of the BC Government that leads strategy, policy and standards for information technology, IT security and the management of the IM/IT investment portfolio for the Province.##WhyThe OCIO is looking for the development of an online infographic for users to interact with. The purpose is to clearly convey multi-dimensional information in a user-friendly, interactive, digital format.##What 
This wireframe illustrates how the main screen of the interactive infographic might look, and offers some visual context. 

This second diagram illustrates how a user might interact with the infographic.The first work (i.e. issue) will be to collaborate and validate the wireframe and user interaction diagram. Determine the suitable approach to developing a flexible infographic structure/framework/navigation that can be easily modified after development. 
####Design: 
Ensure that the “content boxes (see wireframe)” can be resized vertically or horizontally, reordered, new content boxes can be added or existing ones removed, graphics, videos and text can be replaced, and additional “content elements” can added to a “content box” or existing ones removed. Once the suitable approach is agreed on, the next work (i.e. issue) will be to develop a working prototype. Based on the collaborative decisions in the first work (i.e. issue), user navigation/interactive features e.g. expanding/collapsing content “accordion”, opening dialog windows for more information, tabs, sliders etc… may be included.For the prototype, dummy graphics, text and videos can be used; however, the dev will be expected to provide guidance on how government staff can best ready the production graphics, videos and text (e.g. format, etc) that will eventually populate the live site.Out of scope:    -Selection or development of content (e.g. graphics, images, videos etc)
   -SEO, authentication, etc is not required.•	Hosting of the siteDesired Features•	Provide the final product in a format that can be run on any computer (localhost) through any modern web-browser•	Flexibility so that the infographic structure (i.e. content boxes & content elements) can be easily modified•	Flexibility so that the content (e.g. graphics, text, links) can be easily replaced or modified •	Device agnostic and responsive•	Use of commonly known, open web frameworks•	A Trello board will be used as needed to manage the workReferences•	Wireframe. •	An existing OCIO Framework diagram for inspiration.•	User Interaction example.•	Other similar examples with similar functionality: http://www.healthcarevaluehub.org/improving-value/interactive_strategies/Project StatusActively seeking development work. Additional issues may be created once the prototype is developed for things we would like augment or change.Getting Help or Reporting an IssueTo report bugs/issues/feature requests, please file an issue.How to ContributeIf you would like to contribute to the package, please see our CONTRIBUTING guidelines.Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.LicenseCopyright 2015 Province of British Columbia	Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");	you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.	You may obtain a copy of the License at    	http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0	Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software	distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,	WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.	See the License for the specific language governing permissions and	limitations under the License.